Tweak rate limit wording (#1831)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/api/rate-limits.md

## Package search

> [!Note]

> > We recommend using NuGet.org's [V3 search APIs](https://docs.microsoft.com/nuget/api/search-query-service-resource) as it is not rate limited currently. For V1 and V2 search APIs, the following limits apply:

Reviewer: use relative URLs
```suggestion
> We recommend using NuGet.org's [V3 search APIs](/search-query-service-resource.md) as it is not rate limited currently. For V1 and V2 search APIs, the following limits apply:
```
